---
title: 'Another blog on the internet'
pubDate: 2026-05-04
description: 'First post on the blog of Chris Parsons. Talking about why I want to write.'
author: 'Chris Parsons'
# image:
#     url: 'https://docs.astro.build/assets/rose.webp'
#     alt: 'The Astro logo on a dark background with a pink glow.'
tags: ["blogging", "learning in public"]
---

## Why am I writing?
In the current era of AI generated code, AI generated text, AI generated images, I'm feeling the urge to create more on my own; keep the brain running and in use!

With coding, I'm specifically worried about my skills atrophying form over-reliance on coding agents. Even [Anthropic themselves](https://www.anthropic.com/research/AI-assistance-coding-skills) have reported on studies showing that over-reliance on agentic coding causes a marked decrease in the acquisition of skills and understanding.

As such, I thought I'd use some of my time outside of work, where I have more control over what tools I use to code, to build and learn without the use of AI. The plan is to write up what I learn, both to hold myself accountable and also to help cement my learning in a useful way!

Even with this focus on coding for myself, I also want to keep up to date on AI as a whole, as I feel I'd be burying my head in the sand to ignore it. So you'll, probably see musing and thoughts on AI news here as well.

I'd also like to write about things outside of coding that interest me; like photography, life drawing, video games! So please expect some off-topic posts also!

## How am I going to hold myself accountable?
I want to post at least once a week going forwards. My plan is to focus on forming the habit for now and then slowly improve on the quality of my writing.

I'm gathering all of my ideas for blog posts into obsidian for now and will work on them during the weeks ahead!
